India is in panic mode right now as cash
Runs Out you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to talk about the currency
situation in India we are going to talk
about gold and several other issues
let's begin with this the times of India
spoke with the State Bank of India
saying that customers are losing
confidence in them due to the crisis
nearly 70% of their ATMs are out of cash
the rest will be out of cash in a few
days and they don't have any cash to
refill the
machines this isn't the ultimate crisis
because if you only give people the
ability to take a little bit out at a
time and they need that money they're
going to start lining up and the civil
unrest is going to start to build look
at what happened in Cyprus as an example
of that look at what's happening in
Venezuela right now for a crisis a
banking Source said that the RBI was
diverting most of the cash to the north
of India due to the recent elections
this affected the southern parts of the
country the government's in intention is
to encourage the smart payment systems
but the infrastructure and that's what's
key the infrastructure is not up to the
mark many ATMs have have not been
upgraded with the new software required
for the new bills so this is what
happens they go ahead and they proceed
with something that the country isn't
ready
for and this is going to show you that
they're either making really bad
decisions or they are trying to do this
intentionally I don't know you tell me
but that's just the way it is look at
all of the different currency crises
which have happened in the past and you
see the same mistakes
being taken over and over again all
right let's look at gold for a moment
right here as you can see that there are
two separate boundaries which may be
crossed so with all the geopolitical
tension that's going on right now gold
May cross these barriers and may
accelerate in fact if we look at the
price right now you can see that as of
this recording it's almost towards
1300 very big marker right now and it
looks like it could go over that if the
geopolitical tensions continue but I
would advise everyone not to get too
excited because what we are talking
about right here is paper gold we're
talking about gold Futures we are not
talking about the actual medal I'm sure
that most people listening to this who
own gold probably haven't sold any of
their gold throughout the bull market
anytime they've purchased it they've
been hanging on because they realize the
value in gold and all of that which have
sold when it you know it peaked at 1923
I believe and then moved
onward you can see that
individuals probably didn't get shaken
out of it it was the financial investors
all of these hedge funds and all of
these sort of
of trading day trading type schemes and
algorithms that push the price around
they sell off out of their ETFs and
things like this so it's not individuals
and that's why I just say just if you
believe in Gold if you believe in
precious metals and that's something
that you invest in then you don't want
to be shaken out or be forced to buy
based on any one thing that you see any
day that occurs you know there's a a lot
of hype getting in here right now to buy
in Gold so is now the time to buy in
Gold because of that no you got to do
your analysis and realize the
fundamentals the CPI month over month
this is interesting because they're
trying to have this
reflation to occur and it looked like
that was going on however this most
recent CPI showing a downward Trend it's
very early to tell and you know I don't
think this is necessarily the BL all and
all in fact the CPI is a fraud anyway
but when we look at it within that you
know fake Paradigm you have to consider
what's really going on here if they
can't even boost these numbers
up this is interesting to me documents
and computer files released by hackers
provide a blueprint for how the NSA
likely used its weakness in commercially
available software to access a global
system for transferring money between
Banks the NSA did it that means anybody
can do it and that means your
information once again was stolen
everything that you do all of your
transactions every single thing is
tracked put into a database
categorically used against you this is
the
proof that
you know we don't at at this point we
don't need any more proof we know what's
happening but this is it if you want to
know what the NSA has done yet again
confirmed but if that NSA can get in
there then anybody can get in that's why
the digital transactions are so
dangerous because of
that you basically add the potential for
a third party to find out that's what's
really bad about it and I'm not talking
about you
know including cryptocurrencies or or
anything else I'm talking about you know
your credit card your debit cards things
like this when you realize
that you
know there's there's a lot of risk that
that's all I'll
say new law compels Zimbabwe Banks to
accept Cows as collateral previously
during the financial crisis you had the
collateralized debt
obligations and you saw that a bunch of
different like credit card debt Mortgage
Debt and all this debt was
collateralized together sold as an asset
now you have collateral lives cow
obligations I mean this is what's
happening right here when you see a
country in
crisis you know things
change Hawaii set to prepare
or they're urging everyone to prepare
for a crisis because of what's happening
with North Korea obviously where they're
positioned saying that there's could be
uh risks of
War and what everything that that brings
out of course but also natural disasters
as well so they're saying look we need
to be prepared requesting the state to
modernize its disaster preparedness
plans you know what's going on I'm sure
you've heard about it I haven't really
covered it too much I think it's a
little overplayed in the media to begin
with and there's nothing new that I can
bring to that other than the fact that a
lot of saber rattling that's going on
right now and it seems to be
escalating dozens of American soldiers
have deployed to Mogadishu to train and
equip Somali and the African Union
Mission in Somalia forces fighting
extremism in Somalia according to you US
military officials so the war expands
yet again expanding into Africa this
time there is no stopping the war
because the military industrial complex
rules it and that's just the way it is
they pulled the troops out years ago and
now they're going back in and I love
this image that they have above uh the
writing that I'm showing here
where you have all these soldiers
carrying rocket
launchers and other weapons and they
says the peacekeepers are going and it's
just it's just the way it is
peacekeepers yet they're bringing rocket
launchers I mean come on anyway if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my book The Money GPS even
more informative you can actually flip
through the books if you go over to
Amazon you can see both of the books
there the money GPS and global economic
collapse flip through them and see if
you like it for yourself take care